CSSS Meeting Mar. 3/2004
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
Name			Email		Affiliation
Max Whitney		mwhitney	CMPT
Jeff Sipko		jsipko		CMPT
Courteney Ryan		ceryan		CMPT
Kyle Richter		kbr		CMPT
Jonathan Trivett	jtrivett	CMPT
John Bexall		jrbexall	CMPT
Sara Gouneili		sgouneil	CMPT
Igor Falestski		ifaletsk	CMPT
Michele Lee		mleet		CMPT
Michael Schwartz	mpschwar	CMPT
Sundeep Parmar		sparmard	Minor
Johnson Yang		jyang		CMPT
Noah Adams		nba		CMPT
Andy Lumb		alumb		CMPT
Travis Brown		travisb		CMPT
Omar-Sadique Mohamed	omahamed	CMPT
Eva Au-Yeung		eauyeung	MATH
Yang Zhao		yangz		CMPT
Jeremey Holman		jholman		CMPT 354
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

The Chair Justin called the meeting to order at 3:10PM

Report of the Officers:
	President: Justin claims nothing has happened, wait, tons has happened.
		Justin recaps the GPA drop issue. He then moves onto the 
		results of the meeting. A bunch of good things came out of it.
		A much more community based atmosphere is wanted by the
		society. CMPT891, a Grad seminar, will be opened to undergrads
		eventually, maybe. The society offered to start a recruitment
		support system, which may get a seat on the UAR, which is
		responsable for admission to the school. The recruiting
		efforts are too be discussed later. We also pledged to make
		out events open to fuacalty and/or make events more acceptable
		to them.

		After the meeting with Dr. Li, there was a school meeting.
		Dr. Li's term has been extended to the end of August. 
		Afterwhich he is looking forward to going back to research.
		His replacement is Gimbo Grond, for a one year interm stay
		while they search for a new suc^H^H^Hmember to be the director.
		Applications to the department are up this year. Justin feels
		that this will improve as recruitment gets better.

		Justin has a meeting on Friday about a Coop open house, he
		doesn't know much but there will most likely be a call for
		volunteers.

	VPR: Pop is selling fine, prices were all lowered to $0.75 due to the
		facts of costs. The soup machine appears to be not possible
		due to an exclusivity agreement with the current vending
		machine companies. There is talk about changing items in the
		current vending machines. Lemma is finally running again with
		the old CSSS webpage, which is horribly, horribly out of date.
		There are plans to rewrite the current webpage. There will be
		a meeting after this to talk about it. Also, if you have any
		input, csss-iwg is a mailing list to join.

	VPA: Noah goes over the events that we've had so far. He has a concern
		about the LAN ended. The investment in power coords payed off,
		but some switches are still missing. It was fun. The lots of
		rooms format worked out well. If you have any concern, email
		him. Stuff coming up, inner tubing is this Sunday. He forgot
		to advertise it, it'll go up this afternoon. He already has
		pricing, if we get more than 20	people it becomes $3 cheaper 
		per person. Ice skating is possibly coming up on the 20th. It
		will most likely end up being a free skate with subsidy due
		to ice sheet trouble. He wants more events, asks for ideas. He
		suggests another bowling or wings night.
		Jeremy talks about the issues of fauculty talking only among
		themselves at the past MSU beer garden and how it may affect
		better intergrated CSSS events. There is some discussion about
		more informal ways to get socialization. It is discussed that
		it will take time. The eventual goal is	to have a nice amount
		of communication between everybody. App Sci formal with most
		likely be happening in April, maybe sit down dinner, other 
		info later. The budget is looking to be around $8000, an
		attendance of 150 seems reasonable. Base line ticket price is
		$30, subsidy may come later. Fund raising is being done. Noah
		will ask for money later, which will bring ticket prices down
		to ~$25. Noah ask for a decision about the March event.
		Rock climbing is suggested for the event, the problem of
		Belayers is brought up. ~$20/2 hours per person. Noah thinks
		the problems may prevent is from happening. That and fauculty
		ice breaking would be tough.

		An old school arcade is suggested and was discussed. Noah says
		that he will most likely ask for money next time, and may
		advertise without funding.

		**************************************************************
		Noah motions for $200 for an unknown fauculty mixer event.
		Jeremy seconds. Motion passes.
		**************************************************************

		Noah mentions that Kill Bill V.2 is coming out during exams.
		He asks about going one week later. It comes out on the 16th
		of April. The Saturday night after the release is suggested as
		most appropriate.

		**************************************************************
		Andy motions to go see Kill Bill V.2 on the Saturday after is
		comes out. Up to 30 tickets. Seconded by Omar. Motion passes,
		barely.
		**************************************************************

Approval of the minutes for the last _3_ meetings. 
	**********************************************************************
	Travis motions to approve the last 3 meetings of minutes. Seconded by
	Noah. Motion passes.
	**********************************************************************

Recruitment:
	There is a mailing list, people are still being added. A person is
	needed to head a recruitment committee. Their responsibilities will
	most likely be to communicate with the school/advisors. Somebody
	wanting to do this for 2 or more semesters. 

	There is some discussion about what the requirements of the chair
	should be. There is some talk of the figure head being required to be
	CSSS. There is talk about the time commitment. Mostly a few meetings
	then how much you can. Jeff volunteers to become the figurehead/chair.
	Figurehead is less work so he's more than happy to do that.

End of Semester Social: April 2nd. The Atrium isn't booked yet, but it should
	be easy to get it. Noah asks for tons of help to put the End of
	Semester on. There will be a meeting on Monday, it will be put on
	csss-active. There is some talk of what previous ones were like.
	csss-social is up. Join it if you want on. Noah asks for names. A few
	people volunteer. A budget is hoped to be put together by next meeting.
LAN party post mortem. SKipped because whoever wanted it wasn't there.
Math Society presentation: There were empty beer cans after the last LAN party.
	Because of this, the MSU common room will be open only during regular
	hours. This is just an announcement.
Nethack terminal: Tibi not here. Justin makes a brief summary. Jeremy
	describes the game. Access is discussed. The issue is simpified down
	to, do we want to disallow it. There is little sentiment for it, and
	some against it.

	*********************************************************************
	Andy motions to allow Tibi to setup the Sparc Station in the common
	room, with the Executive to have the power to disconnect it and ban
	people if necessary on the Executive perogative. Seconded by Omar.
	Motion passes.
	*********************************************************************

Open Floor:
	Noah talks about his attempts to draw a new Constitution for the
	Society. It failed due to lack of interest. The is some interest
	expressed by a few members present. Noah asks for some help in
	redrafting the Constitution.

Travis calls for a motion to adjourn. Motion adjourns at 4:15 PM.
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
