General meeting minutes for 2004-11-24 (Wednesday)

==========
Attendance
==========
Name			Email		Affiliation
----------------------------------------------------------------
Jeff Sipko		jsipko		#1!!
Yang Zhao		yangz		minutes dude
Dominic Lau		dominicl	sleepy and tired student
Sepand Gojgini		sgojgini	get gmail
Eugene Chin		ehc		IT'S WEEK 12 AAAA!
Trevor MacPhail		tmmacpha	Major
Xiaodi Sun		xiaodis		Major
Max Whitney		mwhitney	Major
Tim Kim			tkim1		Work you damn *bleep*
Fil Maj			fmaj		Counter Stike
Travis Brown		travisb		Owner/Operator
John Boxall		jrboxall	Major
Sara Gouneili		sgouneil	Major
Michele Lee		mleet		Major
Omar-Sadique Mohamed	omohamed	Major
Ryan Sikma		rtsikma		Major
Angelica Lim		alimb		Major
Noah Adams		nba		Major
Johnson Yang		jyang		Major


Meeting called to order by Noah at 15:35

==================
Report of officers
==================

** President: Angelica **
Finishing up CUTC stuff. Round 2 delegates should be announced this coming week.

CSSS will be doing competitive Polar Plunge with EUSS, but we need a bounty. Send creative yet not-overly-embarrassing-in-the-long-term ways to punish the representative for the loser of the bet to Angelica. Not that she isn't confident with our abilities to one-up the engineers, of course.

** VP Operations: Noah **
Meeting with the engineers about charity event failed to occur due to oversleeping by both parties. The AppSci meeting in pub, however, did happen.

Undergraduate Curriculum Committee:
 - Nothing much of interest to us happened, but engineering wants to get rid of MACM101 as prereq for CMPT225 or allowing waivers for their Bioengineering stream. The committee didn't really like this idea. Some strategic diplomacy will take place.

Academic and Recruitment Committee:
 - We actually have Representatives in it this year. Yay.
 - School is pleased with 1st & 2nd year student numbers, but concerned about the sharp increase in 3rd years drops and is puzzled as to why. Lowering of internal transfer requirement was mentioned, followed by "Oooh"s, "Ahh"s and an "Oh yeah..."

AppSci DSU meeting in the Pub:
 - No reps showed up from Kinesiology or communications, so it was basically another CSSS/EUSS meeting
 - Fri Feb 4th: Polar plunge followed by AppSci pub night. The theme is School Spirit, so wear your CS blings
 - AppSci formal is happening again, and this time it'll be Bigger and Better.


** VP Activities: Jeff **
We're now saving $30 more per week on pizza, thanks to Jeff's superb diplomatic skills. Angelica also gets her Hello Kitty calculator back.

End of Semester Social has been planned, and Tim has been volunteered into creating advertisements.

** VP Resource: Travis **
Travis puts on his newspaper pirate hat -- VPR, it says.
 - Paper ran out last week, and arrived Monday instead of Friday. Copier also broke down, but has been fixed.
 - Pop machine froze a pop and caused it to exploded -- Coke is coming repair the machine.
 - Requests that some execs come help clean up the back room after exams.

VPR hat comes off, and CRC hat is put on
 - The handicapped grad student problem has been remedied by swapping the problem lab with grad common room
 - Some task 1 stuff that aren't very interesting
 - Yet more stuff we probably don't care about, so, meh

Travis does more hat swapping, this time wearing the SysAdmin hat
 - There used to be terminals in the common room, and now that construction is almost done, the SPARC Station might be hooked up again
 - If we have to have ACS to hook us up, it might cost $250 to activate. Hoping to get connected to CS instead.
 - Noah enlightens us with yet more CSSS history: there used to be 2 terminals in the common room, predating wireless, for checking email, browsing /., baggy pantsing said people checking email, and teaching UNIX (by performing said baggy pantsing)
 - Activating of connection mostly benefits the laptop-less population, but we can use the connection for more things later.

Travis motions to reserve $250 for the purpose of activating the Ethernet connection in the CS Common Room which may not be spent depending on what ACS finally decides on; Jeff seconds. Motion passes 8-1.

Finally, Pirate Hat is worn. Travis grabs his things, picks up his root beer, and leaves with a "Yar!"

Oh, some locks that needed replacing got replaced.

** Secretary: Eugene **
approximately. $2400 in account. Need to pay $380 for copier lease, $320 for pop -- should be covered by this week's deposit

Pop is steady at ~$450/week

Copier revenue fluctuates quite a bit, sometimes up to around $50

Core funding from SFSS money came in, but Business Objects has yet to pay

Social will cost us ~$300 net.

Should have a good financial start for semester.


** Exec @ Large: Tim **
Random tasks were given and completed.


** Secretary: Yang **
Nothing to report. Minutes to be approved later.


========================
New TechFair Coordinator
========================
EUSS and CSSS are now collaborating on OP Fair for February.
Engineering's basically doing everything except calling CmptSci companies. We need volunteers: let angelica know.

Cost has been reduced to $475 from around $600. A few big companies have already confirmed.
Companies will be allowed to have presentation sessions.
Soft-backing booths are used instead of head-back ones, which saves us a bunch of money.

As for the coordinator, we don't need a new one.


======================
Locking of Common Room
======================
Due to recent incidents of crippling vandalism and theft, it has been suggest that we look into locking the common room during selected times, primarily getting a combo key lock installed, and have the door closed on weekends.

Weekend revenue for pop and copier will be lost if implemented.

On related note, FAS is looking into buying locks for common rooms, but CSIL has one kicking around we can get for free.

John suggests we get an OCP ED209 (the prototype from Robocop II). And booby traps. It's all about the booby traps.

It's agreed that we need time to assess how much impact the loss of weekend income has, and since the semester is ending, discussion on the issue will be pushed back.

The cash box will be moved to the back room. This has traditionally been the case until construction began and we lost convenient access to a storage room.

Some simple deterrents ("You're on camera!" sign) will be made. Tim is volunteered again.


===================
Approval of Minutes
===================
Travis motions to approve last meeting's minutes with correction for minor typos and clarification; some random meatbag seconds. Motion passes.

==========
Open Floor
==========
John: Hoodies
-------------
50 will be ordered today and be ready on Monday. There were 45 preorders, and about half has paid.


Johnson motions to adjourn. No objections.

Meeting adjourned at 16:30
