Attendance not available.

Agenda
- Tech Fair Updates
- CSSS Forum Rep
- UCC Issues
- Resource Room update
- Motion: Resource Room Door Upgrade
- Bank Location
- Open Floor

--

1) Tech Fair Updates
- Geoff Denning sending out messages regarding the Tech Fair
- invites anyone to sign up for list if they wish to help
- asks for help with website, contacts, brochure, logos.
- aiming for 15/day, total for 30 companies
- tentatively scheduling for the 25th and 27th

2) UCC Issues
- discussed implementation of Java; would like to start in September
- don't want to start in September because first year profs want to
discuss what would be taught.
- discussed Software Engineering; want to make it easier for
students to meet SE requirements so will allow more choice
- will add more database courses
- going to encourage students to declare specialization when declare
cmpt. sci. as a major

3) Resource Room Updates
- it is now semi-clean, so room for books, table, and desk
- will draft out procedure for signing out books
- Jason suggests talking to Steve Nicks to reattach shelves
- Micha would like to start getting some volunteers to be in
resource room to check out books
- Jason asks Micha for a proposal of hours and what will be done to
'award' people who help out, as well as what the requirements will be to
recieve that honorarium
- Jason also suggests matching open time with volunteer availability
time
- books will NOT be allowed out of CSIL
- student cards will be withheld as collateral for books
- Jason says we will most likely NOT have to buy books
- Geoff says that Paul suggested allowing Tech Fair companies to
lessen the amount paid by making a donation of books to the Resource Room

4) Door to Resource Room
- would like to take door, cut it in half, putting a unicode punch
lock on the top half so students can input code, reach in, and unlock bottom
part of door
- code will be able to change easily
- we would have key, not Facilities
- Jason says this will give easy access to volunteers, and allows us
to have control (room can be locked down).
- looks good (like a lending library rather than a free enterprise)
- Geoff asks how people will know what is in the room if the bottom
is locked; Andrew says a database
- cost: Maximum: $1000.00 (quoted by Drew)
- Andrew asks about a regular lock; Jason says this will involve key
changes every semester
- Geoff suggests may be problem reaching in to unlock door if there
is a platform on the inside
- MOTION: do get door Resource Room door done as mentioned and
approve $1000.00 by Martin, seconded by Mike Pede
- unanimously approved

5) Backroom Cleanup
- computer parts in the backroom that Andrew has offered to recycle
(286 and 386 parts)
- Geoff says that Chris Demwell donated them on the condition that
we use them; suggests contacting Demwell to see if he wants them back
- also found trikes that we would like to donate to daycare

6) Drew Miners
- donated $50 to the Drew Miners bye-bye fund (bough a fleece vest
and print)

7) Bank Location
- looking into another place to go
- Jason suggests another ScotiaBank, VanCity, or Royal Bank
- Jason likes something on Coquitlam side because it's easy to get
to Lougheed Mall
- Geoff asks if a new bank will be coming
- Jason leans towards VanCity because SFSS is leaning towards it,
also close to hill, and a local bank who invests $$ into community
- Dario is going to look into VanCity
- Geoff asks if we need to make a motion; Jason wants someone to
talk to VanCity to make sure that they accept coin, etc.
- Dario asks for someone to accompany him; Mike agrees

Open Floor
- Jason thanks everyone who helped out with backroom
- Micha tells everyone his birthday in on the 10th of June
- Andrew suggests an all-expense paid trip to the pond :-)
- Martin asks what is going on with the CSSS Webserver - Chris
Demwell doesn't know where is it
- Jason says that last heard it was going to Rispin's house to be
taken for repairs
- Martin asked to contact Chris Demwell for an update on the
Webserver and committee
- Wayne would like to organize an event, a movie perhaps
- Jason suggests MI2
- Jason and Mike suggests a one week notice for event
- Wayne has to go to Famous Players, buy tickets, etc.
- MOTION: For $$ to sponsor a CSSS Movie Night by Wayne, Dario
seconds
- Wayne thinks of charging either $5 or $6 since movie prices have
gone up
- Jason suggests $7
- Micha suggests seeing a movie on Tuesday so tickets are less
- Mike has problems with Metropolis, Jason suggests Silver City
- unanimously approved $200.00, charging $6/person
- Jason suggests Fridays as a good day
- next Friday, June 16, 2000 (Jason suggests cancelling pizza and
the movie) 
- Mike didn't cancel pizza; Jason suggests not a good idea to lose
money on two events in one day
- Jason leaves decision up to Wayne; Wayne says will probably keep
the pizza
- Photocopier busted, Andrew has called Minolta
- Micha says that as far as hours are concerned for the Resource
Room, people can put in as much as they want because he'll put in rest of
time
- Dario asks for help with treasurer duties
- Geoff, re: NeXT machines, says Paul suggested when come to point
where NeXT machines cannot be sold, return slabs to CS department
- Jason suggests opening to outside agencies, like Douglas College,
school districts, etc.
- Wayne brings up t-shirts - suggests selling them during pizza
- Geoff suggests selling for for $10.
- Jason suggests $15 for tech fair shirts, $10 for the other
t-shirts
- Jason suggests not freely selling School of CS because they were
given to us by department
- Geoff thinks Georgina was in charge of that; Jason suggests
contacting her to find out how much they sold for before
- Jason doesn't think selling them would be a problem

Motion to adjourn by Jason, seconded by Micha at 4:26.

Meeting adjourned.