Attendance (18 people)

Chris Demwell Honours
Angelica Lim Declared
Anthony Lam Declared
Bishnu Bhattacharyya Declared
Chris Fawcett Declared
Eugene Chin Declared
Jessica Peters Declared
Johnson Yang Declared
Joseph Chan Declared
Kyle Richter Declared
Michael Schwartz Declared
Noah Adams Declared
Rob Hetzler Declared
Trevor MacPhail Declared
Sundeep Parmar Declared
Morgan Kowalski Declared
Jeremy Holman Declared
Scott Cowan Declared


Not called to order at 2:34.

Noah is not here because he is trying, and failing to
print out minutes, so we will not look at previous minutes.

Reports of officers:

Treasurer's Report:

* Money is good.

* We have money in the bank and will be doing a bank
run.

* We are making a dismal amount of money each week
which probably hurts us. Only made $150 from the pop
machine last week. Perhaps this was because the light
in the pop machine was off.

VP-Activities' Report:

* Tickets didn't arrive in time for The Hulk so it was
cancelled. Blessing in disguise because people claim
it wasn't very good.

* Hopefully the tickets will arrive for T3 in time. Not
sure if they will yet but mike will be checking that
the order went through.

* Week Of Welcome:

* Budget sent to Kristine.

* We are doing mini golf like last year.

* We might need a credit card for paying, will work
out details at a real meeting.

* WICS mentioned doing the grouse grind sometime.

VP-Resources' Report:

* As soon as Apple juice is gone in pop machine we will
get cranberry.

* Light in pop machine is now fixed.

* People thought Rob (CSSS pager) was Josie for reasons
Rob can't (or doesn't want to?) explain, but he has
brought a stop to it. Why this came up in the first
place remains a mystery.

Forum Representative's Report

* SFSS has met once.

* Mostly just organising volunteers and stuff right
now. Watch out or you may get snagged as a volunteer.

* If you want to see budget or have other problems with
the SFSS and what they do go to one of the committee
meetings sometimes to ask questions, you cant vote
though.

* Talk to forum rep if you actually want to be on one
of these committees. Next meeting is tonight.

El Presidente's Report:

* Tech fair prep is just starting now. We are two
months behind because previous coordinator had done
nothing. He is no longer coordinator. There is a new
one now. More info to follow.

* If anyone is interested in helping out, talk to Mike
after the not meeting.

* Plan is to meet weekly on Thursdays.

* Volunteers for tour guides and stuff for the new
student orientation event on Friday get to wear
sombreros.

* There will be a second one of these at some point.

* Morgan wants to volunteer so he can hit people with
sombreros. We won't let him.

* Recently, csilop has decided that cmpt-all is only
for e-mail relating directly to csil. Thus, we cant
send e-mail to cmpt-all and we cant notify everybody
of meetings and other things we do. Hence, the
not-meeting.

* We will be getting something called csss-info that is
the same as cmpt-all. Details to be worked out but we
will probably be able to send to it ourselves (execs
only).

* Probably will need to work something out with csilop
to temporarily allow us to us cmpt-all still so we
can get a few constitutional meetings to change the
constitutional.

* Soon we will be losing both back rooms. Storage for
pop will be limited.

* But we have been given a new room down near prof
offices. Opposite Tom Shermer's office.

* Will need new keys for this obviously. Size is about
the same as the previous back room.

* We wont have a resource room. Need to do something
with all the stuff in it.

* We aren't guaranteed this room for more than a year
but ASB2 isn't around for 2 years.

* Related note on ASB2: They are supposed to start work
in fall. Location has been shifted a little to one
side so that a walkway through the woods still
exists. Exact dimensions are unknown right now, as
planners attempt to find solutions to 11-dimensional
space time equations that are complicating the
topological feasibility of ASB2

* Date claimed to be finished is spring or summer 2005.

* Upper level of ASB: there are some books that are up
for grabs. Go for it. They are old but take them if
you are interested. Yay. Anyone need DOS manuals?

* Brings up issue of what to do with books in our
resource room. Suggestions include e-bay. Or building
a building/tower out of them.

* Rob Cameron suggests the creation of a Linux users
group. There is interest for this. A Linux security
mailing list exists but it isn't used much for
anything other than advisories.

* Another idea from Rob Cameron: Charity event with
united way that CSSS get involved in. United way
collects donations of old computers. How old? Who
knows. But they accept donations, we fix them up, and
then sell them for a very small profit which then
goes to charity. Exact details not determined.

* Sounds like a good idea. As long as we get computers
that we can work with. Perhaps set a minimum computer
type/speed. We can also set a limit on the number of
computers we can process.

* Crazy Campus Wide croquet game for first years in
fall. Yay.

* Give them dodge balls and wacky plastic hammers to
hit them with. Sounds like fun.

* We also need something crazy/random/overnight. Other
ideas, let execs know.

* We also need to consider how much these will cost in
case we cant get SFSS grants for them.

For some reason the crowd dispersed at 3:20, but there
was certainly no adjournment as this was not quite a meeting... 

